- I used to do this on set.
Because sometimes the
spiders get a little scared.
If you configure yourself
in the right way,
they'll start to make webs in your hand.
Isn't that crazy?
[gentle lively music]
First item, it's my Death Grips hat
that probably needs a wash from Praying.
I love Death Grips.
We thought that they
broke up and they didn't.
I think they're still going.
But I did see them in London.
I think I was actually shooting for Dior,
and I called my cast mate
who was playing my love
interest at the time,
and I was trying to get to know him.
I took him to a Death Grips show,
but I don't think he
listened to Death Grips.
So, he was really confused
by all the head banging.
It was the sweatiest venue
I've ever been in, in my life.
Like, everyone was sleek.
My wallet, it's just what
I use to pay for things.
I don't know what this is.
It's a special coin.
Is this a British coin?
I don't know.
Guys, I have a pound.
Two pounds. I have two pounds.
Irish permit, residency permit.
They let me live in Ireland.
Yeah, nothing exciting.
Dingy passport 'cause I'm
getting on a flight right now.
I'm going to London.
I'm shooting a movie right
now with J.J. Abrams,
Glen Powell, Samuel
Jackson, and Emma Mackey.
And tomorrow, we're shooting the big,
huge third act of the film.
So, we'll see how that goes.
Someone showed me these on
"Wednesday" season 2 in Ireland.
These Tea Tree Therapy Cinnamon
Toothpicks changed my life.
[toothpicks rattling]
Can I be honest?
I think I stole this during a fitting
with my stylist, Enrique.
I don't know.
I like it 'cause it's got
this, like, red interior,
and I like the black and red combo.
Sunglass case, except my
sunglasses aren't in it.
They're down at the hair and makeup tent.
But I've got these dirty
Barton Perreira glasses
that I wear all the time.
And I really liked it when I had red hair
because they match perfectly.
But now they don't really do me any good,
but they're still really cute.
I also stole these during a fitting.
I actually had so much fun
during the Vogue Mexico shoot.
I'm a bit jet lagged and delirious,
and it's either the best
or worst time to get me.
And today felt very playful and easy,
and the entire team was so
sweet and good at what they do.
I love a quick shoot when you know,
when we know we have
the photo or the image,
we move on and that's kind of what it was.
Journal, I don't have
anything exciting in here yet.
No dreams or anything.
What do I have?
Oh, I'm having to write something
for this J.J. Abrams film.
It's a bunch of things
that maybe we'll use,
maybe we won't use,
but it's also just nice to
get into character sometimes
and just have ideas.
But I'm a huge journal person.
I try to brighten it every day.
I think it's good for the brain.
It's not really about my daily life,
but more so just kind
of what I'm thinking.
I have a tendency to
overthink things to the point
where I just completely
mutilate the initial intent
of whatever the thought or idea was.
So, it's nice just to get back to base.
It's not overthink anything
and see what comes out.
Writing is very big for me.
[journal thumping]
All right.
I just started reading
Ottessa Moshfegh's "Death In Her Hands."
It was recommended to me by a friend.
I think I'll be away
from home for a while.
So, I just wanted a bunch
of new things to read
and new authors.
So, I'm very excited by this actually.
It's about a woman who
it's just done a quiet walk
with her dog and then
stumbles upon a dead body.
So, I'm really enjoying it so far.
I am about to get on this flight,
so I'm hoping to get
through a lot more of it.
[book thumping]
I try to read as much as I possibly can.
I was always that way.
I would get in trouble
when I was a kid for,
it would be past bedtime
and my parents would come in
and I would try to turn
my reading light off
as quick as I possibly could
just because I don't wanna get in trouble.
These, I actually just got
from my makeup artist, Melanie.
Persephenie smelling
salts for mental clarity.
It's a bit awkward to do
because if people don't
know what you're doing,
it's a bit suspicious, but it's just salt
and it feels like a shot of espresso.
I get brain fog really easily.
I get very confused when
I'm tired and whatnot.
So, it's actually really
beneficial for me.
Oh, I have a harmonica in my bag.
I thought that I was gonna
need this for the job
that I was doing
and then I showed up
and I think we're going
in a very different creative direction.
So, I've been practicing
the harmonica for a bit.
Also, I don't have the
cool BJ Blues harmonica.
I don't know where I got, Easttop?
Beautiful guy.
And sometimes you can... [inhales deeply]
Wait.
[soft music]
So, me and my friends
sometimes when we're talking.
[soft music]
And I think that's a much
more, like, nonchalant,
easy way to play a harmonica,
and people should probably
do that more often.
Because if I saw someone doing that
at a little bar or something,
I would think they were probably cool.
What else do I have?
Well, I mean it's just my phone.
Wires are always attached.
I have two different headphones
because they have different purposes.
So for example, like the
job that I'm on right now,
I wear a wig, so I can't
put something over my head.
So, when I'm walking
around set or you know,
waiting in between takes,
I'll use my wired headphones.
Also, sometimes it looks
better with the outfit.
I hate to say it, but it's true.
And then, these are heavy duty.
I'm on a flight. I cannot
hear you with these things on.
My last one's broke,
so I actually had to get the updated ones
and it was a really tragic death for me.
But these ones are doing all right so far.
And they're pretty comfortable.
What am I listening to?
Well, should we actually check my Spotify?
I know for sure I'm going through
a really big Dean Blunt phase right now.
I have Aphex Twin on here.
I have Arthur Russell.
A lot of Arthur Russell.
I feel like for spring, summer,
the music is just so happy.
Sade. I am never not listening to Sade.
Roger Doyle and Caroline Polachek's cover
of "Spring is Coming With
a Strawberry in the Mouth"
I feel is very fitting.
Oh, my nail tech just
gave me this right now
during the shoot because I guess
my nails are falling apart.
So, I don't know what it is.
I think it's supposed
to be this moisturizer,
but she told me I just need to apply it
every once in a while
because they're dying.
And you work too much and then
people put acrylics on you
or take 'em off or painting your nails
and then take 'em off.
And you're working with all
these different nail techs
and they all do something different.
But Twi's the most consistent
one and she looks after me.
That's my girl.
Oh yeah, by the way, every 10 seconds,
if you feel like you're
going insane, you're not.
There is a plane hovering going in circles
over and over and over again
and messing up the sound.
Just because I know you
were at home thinking,
"Ah man, why is the
sound going in and out?"
That's why.
As soon as I get to London,
I sneeze all over the place.
So, I have eye drops
that my mother gave me.
Thank you, mom.
I've been avoiding this for a while,
but I think it's just
because it's quite messy
and I didn't really want to.
Oh, I'm unrolling it.
Dog business bags.
I do have a dog.
I got her when she was a puppy.
She was the runt of her litter
and has kind of a funky
eye and was always sick.
And she's my daughter
and we call her Twigs
'cause when she sleeps she
looks like a pile of twigs.
It's a spider. Wait, hold on.
Oh, he's jumping. It's not a spider.
Wait.
He's so cute.
I used to do this on set.
Because sometimes the
spiders get a little scared.
So, sometimes if you configure
yourself in the right way,
they'll start to make webs in your hand.
Isn't that crazy?
Oh, he may have just
parachuted down though.
That was Lucas.
I went to a Charlie concert.
She just had four sold out
nights, I think, in Barclays,
which is insane in New York.
So, I went and supported her. Love her.
Oh, I've been using the
Dior lip glow butter
because it's hydrating and also just adds
a little bit of color.
Sometimes I don't like too much.
So, this has been my go-to lip treatment
and I probably should be
using chapstick as well,
but I don't have that in this bag.
Pack of gum I haven't used yet.
Theater tickets to "Warfare."
Interesting war film.
I'd never seen anything like it before.
It all takes place in real time,
which I thought was really smart.
Flat key.
I just remembered there's foxes
that keep lovemaking in my
backyard at this new flat.
And it's a perfect flat besides that.
And if you know, foxes when
they love each other very much,
and a female fox and a
male fox get together,
they scream at each
other really, really loud
at the worst hours of the night.
There was a little bit
of like tack to that.
And it was because I tried
to make fox repellent.
When I went, I went "Shoo! Shoo."
'Cause that's what my
friends told me to do.
And this guy took five steps closer,
sat down and then started.
I keep talking about... [giggles]
I keep talking about poop
in this video, but he just,
I just watched him on my yard.
He didn't care.
Oh, and then I have a proper
really well lived-in lip serum.
This is, this is good stuff.
All I have is a tampon.
But how often do people
pull out the tampon and go?
It's quite obvious. This isn't even mine.
Someone gave me this.
I don't know where Lucas went.
He's kind of a,
he's a flaky guy.
We try to catch each other
every time I'm in the city.
And I didn't think I was
gonna see him this time,
but I guess he's been here the whole time.
All right, well, that's
everything that was in my bag.
That's all I have to share for you.
It's pretty practical.
Pretty much everything I need.
Quite heavy, but I like it that way.
Thank you so much for watching.
I really, really appreciate it.
Thank you, Vogue for having me.
And I will see you guys around.
[bright jazz music]